10/16/2018:

Feature
Scenario
Given, When, Then

1. Feature: Add Customer Information for the first time
Scenario: Name, Mobileand amount kept blank
Given I need to enter Name, Mobile and amount
When I keep all Name, Mobile and amount fields as blank
Then throw Exception "All fields are mandatory".

2. Feature: Add Customer Information for the first time
Scenario: Entered Name but kept Mobile field and amount blank
Given I need to enter Name, Mobile and amount
When I enter Name as "Pranita"
 And I keep Mobile number and amount empty
Then throw Exception saying "Mobile Number and amount cannot be empty".

3. Feature: Add Customer Information for the first time
Scenario: Entered  Mobile but kept Name and amount fields blank
Given I need to enter Name, Mobile and amount
When I Mobile as "9999999999"
 And I keep Name and amount empty
Then throw Exception saying "Name and amount cannot be empty".

4. Feature: Add Customer Information for the first time
Scenario: Entered Name and Mobile of customer but amount kept empty
Given I enter Name, Mobile but keep amount blank
When I enter Name as "Pranita"
 And Mobile as "9999999999"
 And keep amount as blank
Then throw Exception saying "Amount cannot be empty".

5. Feature: Add Customer Information for the first time
Scenario: Entered Name and amount but Mobile number kept empty
Given I enter Name and amount but keep Mobile number blank
When I enter Name as "Pranita"
 And amount as 500/-
 And keep the mobile number as blank
Then throw Exception saying "Mobile number cannot be empty".

6. Feature: Add Customer Information for the first time
Scenario: Entered Mobile and amount but name kept empty
Given I enter Mobile and amount but keep name blank
When I enter Mobile as "9999999999"
 And amount as 500/-
 And keep the name as blank
Then throw Exception saying "Name cannot be empty".

7. Feature: Add Customer Information for the first time
Scenario: Enter Name and Mobile of customer
Given I enter Name, Mobile
When I enter Name as "Pranita" 
 And Mobile as "9999999999"
 And the mobile number "9999999999" already exists
Then I should be displayed a message saying "The customer already exists"

8. Feature: Customer updates the balance in wallet
Scenario: Update wallet balance
Given I need to update the wallet balance
When I update the amount in wallet as -500/-
Then throw Exception saying "Balance cannot be negative"

9. Feature: Find an existing customer by mobile number
Scenario: Find an existing customer
Given I need to enter Mobile number
When I enter mobile number as empty
Then I should get an exception saying "PhoneNumber cannot be empty"

10. Feature: Find an existing customer by mobile number
Scenario: Find an existing customer
Given I need to find a customer by his mobile number
 And there is customer data stored in the system
When I enter mobile number as "9999999999"
Then I should get the customer details displayed on the screen.